Dad Dad Dad Dad Dad Dad
Dad Dad Dad Dad Dad
Dad Dad Dad Dad Dad Dad Dad Dad
Daddy daddy daddy daddy daddy
Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad
Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad
But it's a matter of outsiders escaping from the police
I’m not the one who bought Imperial Soup for three years.
Yes, everyone
Incomprehensible feeling I tell you
Even if he is the savior of invincible thoughts
He doesn’t dare to make any more promises to you
me my day
How can I promise him alone?
How is it really
you want to die
But I won't do it now
I want you to see it with your own eyes
How did I fuck your wife?
This is the place I prepared for the Mu family
Sir, you are
I think the first king's legal fee is guilty
Jipin Anlu is
It’s worth every narration and this
I'm the one who laid it on others